Clarified limitations of using Cloudflare adapter with Node.js (#7414)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare.mdx

Cloudflare requires [Node v16.13](https://miniflare.dev/get-started/cli#installation), which is a more recent version than Astro’s out-of-the-box minimum, so double check you’re using at least v16.13.

Client-side hydration may fail as a result of Cloudflare's Auto Minify setting. If you see `Hydration completed but contains mismatches` in the console, make sure to disable Auto Minify under Cloudflare settings.

> If you are deploying or building a project that is using server-side rendering and the server fails to build with error messages similar to:

Reviewer: I don't think the issue occurs when deploying, it already throws the error during build

Author: ```suggestion
If you are building a project that is using server-side rendering and the server fails to build with error messages similar to:
```

`[Error] Could not resolve "XXXX` `The package "XXXX" wasn't found on the file system but is built into node. Are you trying to

>   bundle for node? You can use "platform: 'node'" to do that, which will remove this error.`

Reviewer: I wonder if it is helpful to add an actual example using a package, e.g. `fs`

Author: I didn't specify a particular package because I didn't future developers to associate the error message with the usage of a specific package. My idea was if we kept it general then it should be explicit that this can occur with any supported Node.js runtime package but if this is confusing I wouldn't be opposed to changing it to use an actual package.

Reviewer: Understood. Let's wait what docs thinks about this :)

> This means that a package or import you are using in the server-side environment is not compatible with the Cloudflare node specification. 

Reviewer: > Cloudflare node specificiation

Not sure about the naming, also it would be great to add a link to the Cloudflare docs about this.

Author: ```suggestion
This means that a package or import you are using in the server-side environment is not compatible with the [Cloudflare Workers runtime APIs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). 
```

Author: In the Cloudflare docs they refer to their implementations of the node.js runtime as the Workers runtime API. Hopefully this is a more apt name.

> If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#nodejs-compatibility/) for further steps on how to resolve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.
```

I think we can link directly to the header, but I'm not sure!

> If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.

Reviewer: Oh my bad.. I actually might have be wrong here.. this is not the integration page, but the deploy guide 😮‍💨

> If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.
```
This should fix the link! Pointing to the integration page.

Reviewer: Oh my bad.. I actually might have be wrong here.. this is not the integration page, but the deploy guide 😮‍💨
So we can't use the header link directly 🤔

Anyways I don't know if this should be on the deploy page, I think we could move all to the integration page.. but I'll docs weight in :)

> If you are importing a package that imports a Node.js runtime API, it is recommended that you check with the author of the package to see if they support the `node:*` import syntax. If they do not, you may need to find an alternative package or use a different adapter.

Reviewer: There is also the option to patch the package yourself using `pnpm` or `patch-package`. I'm not sure if we should recommend that though?

Author: Hmmm it could be good to add a maybe a blurb or sentence mentioning that `pnpm` or `patch-package` are an option for devs who must ensure compatibility with Cloudflare. Maybe a link to additional resources on how to patch packages could be useful while being relatively concise?

Reviewer: I think it is fine for now.

> If you are building a project that is using server-side rendering and the server fails to build with error messages similar to:
> 
> `[Error] Could not resolve "XXXX` `The package "XXXX" wasn't found on the file system but is built into node. Are you trying to
>   bundle for node? You can use "platform: 'node'" to do that, which will remove this error.`
> 
> This means that a package or import you are using in the server-side environment is not compatible with the [Cloudflare Workers runtime APIs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). 
> 
> If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.
> 
> If you are importing a package that imports a Node.js runtime API, it is recommended that you check with the author of the package to see if they support the `node:*` import syntax. If they do not, you may need to find an alternative package or use a different adapter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are building a project that is using on-demand rendering with [the Cloudflare SSR adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/) and the server fails to build with an error message such as `[Error] Could not resolve "XXXX. The package "XXXX" wasn't found on the file system but is built into node.`:

- This means that a package or import you are using in the server-side environment is not compatible with the [Cloudflare Workers runtime APIs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). 

- If you are directly importing a Node.js runtime API, please refer to the Astro documentation on Cloudflare's [Node.js compatibility](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#nodejs-compatibility) for further steps on how to resolve this.

- If you are importing a package that imports a Node.js runtime API, check with the author of the package to see if they support the `node:*` import syntax. If they do not, you may need to find an alternative package or use a different adapter.
```
I shortened the original error message copying as it was a bit much and mostly the helpful info is upfront. Also, the "if" is only the start of a huuuuge sentence, so I think bullet points will help here. Not awesome maybe, but gets the point across!
